DOC-7156: Update README.md (#2)
datarobot-oss/flask-app-base: README.md

# Flask app base template

In this repository you will find an empty Flask application base template to kickstart custom app development. The Datarobot client is already set up for you to use, it uses the Application creator's API key by default.

## Setup

You can run the Flask app in DataRobot using a custom application or by running the app locally. Custom applications can be created either via the NextGen Registry's **Applications** page or by using [DRApps](https://github.com/datarobot/dr-apps/blob/main/README.md).

Be sure to define the required variables for the app to communicate with DataRobot. If you run the app locally or in another environment than a custom application, you'll need to set the env variables. When this app is run via a custom application, the variables are set automatically.

```shell
#start-app.sh

> export token="$DATAROBOT_API_TOKEN"  # Your API token from DR developer tools page

Author: ```suggestion
export token="$DATAROBOT_API_TOKEN"  # Your API key, accessed from DataRobot's Developer Tools page
```
